Margauxmedwards/2026_updates (#8)
robocup-junior/general-rules: general-rules.adoc

League Rules, they are encouraged to inquire via the official
RoboCupJunior Forum for clarification: https://junior.forum.robocup.org/

For questions regarding any of the rules or RoboCupJunior in general, teams
can also reach out to the RoboCupJunior community through the official discord

> server: https://robocup-junior.github.io/soccer-rules/discord/[Discord Server Link]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can also reach out to the RoboCupJunior community through the https://robocup-junior.github.io/soccer-rules/discord/[official Discord Server]
```

role (mechanical/design, electrical/sensing, software etc.) and should
be able to explain their role during technical judging.

> === International Team Qualification Process

Reviewer: @margauxmedwards this part seems to be the verbatim copy of https://github.com/robocup-junior/general-rules/pull/7
